---
  title: Now - March 2026
  date: 2026-03-31T22:28:06.253+02:00
  tags: ["now"]
  permalink: /blog/now---march-2026/index.html
  summary: "March was all about submitting On This Day Rewind to App Review, juggling a packed schedule with work changes and camp preparations, exploring Claude Code & Cowork, and sacrificing sleep along the way."
  _social_post: "March was packed - again 😝"
---

Another month passed by and here is my updated `/now` page.

## On This Day Rewind App Development

I invested a lot of time into finalizing the 1.0 release of my first app. And I'm happy to say that I submitted it to App Review last week. I was hoping to get it out within March, but of course there were some (minor) issues to fix - mainly missing URLs to privacy policy and terms of use - but as of today I hope to finally have tackled the last one and I'm waiting again for a review. I am eagerly awaiting to launch it publicly and I hope that many people will find it useful. I prepared a small subpage here on my website already that will be updated as soon as I can launch the app. If you want to have a look: [/onthisday](https://flohgro.com/onthisday). 

## A Packed Schedule

This month was really busy and as always I am wondering how other people can live without a calendar :P. 
There is some reorganization at work going on that puts me into more responsibilities. I really enjoy tackling through this but it's definitely a lot right now. Additionally, we had our first big preparation meetings for our summer CAMPs this year with around 90 volunteering people present - this was nuts but also a lot to prepare. My wife started working again after her parental leave. This is an additional factor that requires planning and tightens the schedules of the days. However I really enjoy having more time during the day with our boy while she is working. 

As always this comes down to the fact that I have more interests / hobbies than I can fit into my days so I just need to prioritize.

## Digging into Claude Code & Cowork 

Let's say it like that: I'm wasting a lot of tokens right now :)
I try a lot of different things - from [Using Claude Cowork to Write Drafts Actions](https://flohgro.com/blog/using-claude-cowork-to-write-drafts-actions) to building small (static) html apps for myself or our leadership team for the CAMPs - e.g. converting a Gantt chart based on plantuml to an interactive html page. It is a lot of fun and impressive, but on the other hand I have still not finalized my own positioning for those tools. I just enjoy using technologies and trying new things but also I can see that this is definitely changing the world of software development (as it is for creative work) whether we like it or not.

## Sacrificing Sleep

The last couple of weeks were packed with a tight schedule -- I always tend to pile up sleep debt -- and right now the nights are additionally difficult with our toddler. Thankfully I'm very resilient and can handle shorter sleep cycles for quite some time, I am definitely out of the comfort zone right now. I hope April will bring back some routine to it.

_How was your March?_