---
  title: Now - February 2026
  date: 2026-02-28T20:55:28.701+01:00
  tags: ["now"]
  permalink: /blog/now---february-2026/index.html
  summary: "February brought progress on the OnThisDay app, a minor house emergency, early spring vibes, and a revamped 5 AM morning routine."
  _social_post: "February was packed 😝"
---

Now that my `/now` page is also included on nownownow.com, I will try to keep it updated on a regular basis. Not sure if I’ll keep doing this monthly or on a reduced schedule in the future.

## On This Day App Development

Working on my OnThisDay app (still in TestFlight) is a lot of fun. I enjoy using the app myself a lot and got some great feedback from testers who also included the app in their daily routines. I am focusing on getting control over some smaller quality-of-life things and want to focus on what I need to do to get it launched on the App Store. Designing the app icon on my own is a real challenge for me - I have ideas but struggle to implement them with the tools I currently use (Figma & Affinity). This is just nothing I do on a regular basis, the learning curve is steep (for me) and I get annoyed by finicky details. In addition, I need to figure out how I want to handle the “business model” of the app. I don’t expect to make a lot of money from it but to me the app brings a lot of value every single day and I hope some users will be willing to give something back for it - not sure yet if I want to hide features behind a paywall. Let me know if you want to join the TestFlight or have some thoughts.

## House Renovation - Update

While planning some bigger projects during the year, we had a small issue with a leaking pipe this month in our home. In the end we were blessed and it could be fixed very quickly without big damage. Just our washing machine seems to be broken now..
Already Spring?
The last days of the month brought some sunny vibes and that felt amazing. Sitting outside enjoying a good coffee americano or doing some work in our garden felt great. All this one week after hiking in winter wonderland ☀️

## Youth Work

The registrations for our camps started and we were amazed how quickly we got booked out again. A bit of cleanup work is always required but it was not too bad this year. I also took the chance to vibe code an app for that.

## Winning My Mornings Again

A couple of weeks ago our toddler started to get up very early (we were used to around 07:30) - so I decided to get up even earlier so I can win my mornings with a good routine again. Getting up at 5 AM is fine but I need to work on my bedtime.. I am back doing workouts after reading and that feels great to start the days like that.

_How was your Februar?_